c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication4\WpfApplication4\bin\Debug\WpfApplication4.exe.config
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication4\WpfApplication4\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication4\WpfApplication4\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication4\WpfApplication4\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication4\WpfApplication4\obj\Debug\WpfApplication4_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication4\WpfApplication4\obj\Debug\WpfApplication4.g.resources
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication4\WpfApplication4\obj\Debug\WpfApplication4.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication4\WpfApplication4\obj\Debug\WpfApplication4.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication4\WpfApplication4\bin\Debug\WpfApplication4.exe
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication4\WpfApplication4\bin\Debug\WpfApplication4.pdb
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication4\WpfApplication4\bin\Debug\Coding4Fun.Kinect.WinForm.dll
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication4\WpfApplication4\bin\Debug\Coding4Fun.Kinect.Wpf.dll
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication4\WpfApplication4\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication4\WpfApplication4\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.BackgroundRemoval.dll
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication4\WpfApplication4\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.Controls.dll
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication4\WpfApplication4\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication4\WpfApplication4\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.Fusion.dll
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication4\WpfApplication4\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.Interaction.dll
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication4\WpfApplication4\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Samples.Kinect.WpfViewers.dll
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication4\WpfApplication4\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Samples.Kinect.WpfViewers.pdb
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication4\WpfApplication4\obj\Debug\WpfApplication4.exe
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication4\WpfApplication4\obj\Debug\WpfApplication4.pdb
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication4\WpfApplication4\obj\Debug\WpfApplication4.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
