c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe.config
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.g.resources
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.pdb
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.pdb
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\KinectExplorer-WPF.exe
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.BackgroundRemoval.dll
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.Controls.dll
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.Fusion.dll
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.Interaction.dll
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Samples.Kinect.WpfViewers.dll
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\KinectExplorer-WPF.pdb
c:\users\anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Samples.Kinect.WpfViewers.pdb
C:\Users\Anshul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2_MarkupCompile.lref
